Overview
========
The SAI Demo application demonstrates complicated digital audio playback and record case. The demo provide these features below:
1. Duplex audio transfer, record and playback at same time.
2. Playback a 250 Hz sine wave data generated by CMSIS-DSP library. Also compute the fundamental frequency using Fast Fourier Transform with CMSIS-DSP library.
If the board support sdcard, then the case can demo an extra items
3.Record to SDcard, then playback it

SDK version
===========
- Version: 2.15.0

Toolchain supported
===================
- GCC ARM Embedded  12.2
- MCUXpresso  11.8.0

Hardware requirements
=====================
- Mini/micro USB cable
- MIMXRT1060-EVKC board
- Personal Computer
- Headphone(OMTP standard)
- SD card
- CS42448 Audio board(Not necessary if use on board codec)

Board settings
==============
For Audio board:
1.Insert AUDIO board into J23 if on board codec is not used
2.Uninstall J41
For on board codec:
1.Make sure J41 is installed

Prepare the Demo
================
Note: As the EVKCMIMXRT1060 support two codecs, a default on board WM8962 codec and another codec CS42448 on audio board, so to support both of the codecs, the example provide options to switch between the two codecs,
- DEMO_CODEC_WM8962, set to 1 if wm8962 used
- DEMO_CODEC_CS42448, set to 1 if cs42448 used
Please do not set above macros to 1 together, as the demo support one codec only.

1.  Connect a USB cable between the host PC and the OpenSDA USB port on the target board.
2.  Open a serial terminal with the following settings:
    - 115200 baud rate
    - 8 data bits
    - No parity
    - One stop bit
    - No flow control
3.  Insert SD card to card slot
4.  Download the program to the target board.
Steps for WM8962:
5. Insert the headphones into the headphone jack on MIMXRT1060-EVKC board (J101).
Steps for CS42448:
5. Insert the headphones into the headphone jack J6 and line in line into J12 on the audio board.
6. Either press the reset button on your board or launch the debugger in your IDE to begin running the 

Running the demo
================
Note: This demo uses both headphone mic and board main mic(P1) as input source. The headphone mic provides left
channel data, and main mic (P1) provides right channel data. If users found there is noise while do record operation,
most probably it is the headphone standard issue (OMTP and CTIA standard difference). should use the OMTP
standard headphone. You can disable the left channel
by using an headphone without microphone feature.
This following section shows how to run the demo:

Please note that the log print out may be different according to the different card,
If the card doesn't been formatted ,the case will making new file system and below log will be printed,
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
SAI Demo started!
Please insert a card into board.

Card inserted.

Make file system......The time may be long if the card capacity is big.

Create directory......
Please choose the option :
1. Record and playback at same time
2. Playback sine wave
3. Record to SDcard, after record playback it
4. Quit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If the card is formatted already, the case will mount the file system only, the case will print below log,
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
SAI Demo started!
Please insert a card into board.

Card inserted.

Mount volume Successfully.

Create directory......
Please choose the option :
1. Record and playback at same time
2. Playback sine wave
3. Record to SDcard, after record playback it
4. Quit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
